---
layout: chapter
chapter: 1
title: Fantasy Sea Ancient Pavilion~
characters:
- Si Yan
- Su Tao'er
- Su Xuan
mentions: 
- name: Feng Yanwu
  display: Yanyan
date: 2021-12-01
---

The moon was black and wind was high at night, and the earth fell into a terrible silence.

And there is a quaint manor, which is located between the dark and vast mountains.

There are overgrown weeds inside the manor, as if it has never been inhabited before, and it looks a bit dilapidated and barren, but there are still some lights inside, which seem to be still swaying sporadically.

Su Tao'er also lit an oil lamp in the wing, she had just showered and changed clothes.

She was only sixteen years old, and she was already slightly tall. After untying the strands of braid, her waterfall-like black hair instantly poured down.

Like a beauty in a picture scroll, elegant and classical, but also youthful and attractive.

However, even in this wing, she still felt a little uncomfortable.

Su Tao'er ran out of the house and came to the Tianming Pavilion in the hinterland of the fantasy sea to ask for her teacher. She has been in for more than two days, but I don’t know why, every night, she is always watched. a feeling of.

But when I went out to take a look, I couldn't see anything.

Of course, this is not an illusion of Su Tao'er, because after all, on the opposite roof, Si Yan, who had just worshipped the master, sat on the top, witnessing the spring scenery inside. As the pavilion owner of the Tianming Pavilion, As well as the traverser, he was pinching the pencil and sketching it carefully.

And the content of this sketch is surprisingly Su Tao'er's beauty going out in a bath.

Si Yan is drawing faster and faster.

I even can’t help feeling from the bottom of my heart, it’s so good...

How long has it been since this Tianming Pavilion, which is now located in the hinterland of Huanhai, last accepted female disciples?

Si Yan can't remember clearly.

Anyway, I only remember that when my old disciple Yanyan left, the expression was not to mention how disgusting it was.

Hey Hey hey!

Si Yan really feels wronged!

As a master, Si Yan washes clothes for his disciples. Isn't this normal?

What, wash back to wash, why do you have to laugh so happily?

What a fool! How can the teacher know if I have washed it if I don't look carefully! Are you questioning the character of Master? !

There is also, as a master, it is not normal to make a few clothes for my disciples. This is really pure care from the elders, and I even call the master dirty!

Hey, do you think why these long socks have delicate meshes on them? Yanyan Na Yanyan, do you know the knee socks?

Don't know? Okay, come~ I'll be the teacher for you.

Then, not long after, Yanyan, who had achieved great skill, left Si Yan, and never returned to the Tianming Pavilion to visit relatives in the long years to come.

But, looking back now, Si Yan really thinks this is a very fond memory.

After Yanyan left, Si Yan also entered the long sleep. After the Tianming Pavilion was in this realm, during the hundreds of years when he re-emerged, according to the rules and missions given to him by the Tianming Pavilion, he successively received several disciples to train. , It's a pity that most of them are still big masters. And basically none of them are normal humans.

Originally, Yu Ling, the youngest disciple, was pretty good.

But twenty years ago, Si Yan allowed him to go out to practice like his fellow seniors. Compared with the senior fellows who had caused the bloody outside, Yu Ling got a serious illness when he came back, and he was also nervous and suspicious all day long.

Therefore, now that he has the opportunity to accept the female disciple again, Si Yan is also all kinds of gratification. After all, Si Yan has also spent a lot of effort to lure this little girl to the Heavenly Mansion Pavilion.

And when Su Taoer finished bathing and changing clothes, people came outside her wing.

The visitor is a young man with a grandiose and meticulous appearance, only in his early twenties.

Of course Si Yan knew him too. This person was Su Tao'er's brother-in-law. He had been escorting his sister here from the outside world to seek advice from a teacher. His cultivation level was not too low, and he was about the Qipu realm.

Su Xuan sat down in the wing of his younger sister Su Tao'er, her expression a little unsightly, staring at her younger sister, he stopped talking several times.

Su Tao'er seemed to understand her brother's mood, her face was still flushed after bathing, but she smiled sweetly and asked, "Brother, what's wrong with you?"

He raised his hand and drank a sip of his tea before he was quite unhappy: "Tao'er, I still don't worry about staying here for my brother. Just because a senior who saved you introduced you, you went thousands of miles and came This is a teacher in the hinterland of the sea of ​​fantasy, this is simply too ridiculous!"

Su Taoer thoughtfully poured tea for her elder brother and explained: "But that senior is really powerful. At that time, there were several masters who besieged me, and they were all driven away by that senior. That senior told others, The master here is very good at teaching people, and also very strong!"

But when he heard this, Su Xuan's face began to look ugly again. He thought to himself, your little girl is of a realm. Several people besieged you and still can't get it. The other party is obviously a sloppy bag.

"But look here, this manor is full of weeds, and no one is cleaning it. It doesn't look like a sect. Besides, this Tianming Pavilion, brother, I have never heard of it, and if you want to ask for help, I am from the Holy Kingdom of Heaven. Inside, no matter which sect you are, your brother can send you over and let them teach you personally, so why bother to come here."

The Kingdom of Heaven was founded on monks. The Moti sects, from the official government to the emperor, and even the queen mother, are all advanced people.

Si Yan squatted on the eaves, listening carefully to the conversation between their brothers and sisters.

At this time, Su Xuan suddenly lowered his voice and persuaded: "Tao'er, there are still important matters to deal with for my brother. I can only stay for two more days at most. You should go with me. You can stay alone. How can this make me feel relieved? ?"

Everywhere in the Tianming Pavilion revealed weirdness, which made Su Xuan uneasy. Morty’s apprenticeship was too simple. The young pavilion master seemed to have known that they would come a long time ago, waiting at the gate of the mountain with a simple face. Even the worship ceremony that was supposed to be serious, the other party just made Su Tao'er symbolically kneel on the ground and bowed a little, and even touched Su Tao'er's head with joy, as if she had become a family casually. Anyway, everywhere, Su Xuan was uncomfortable.

And Su Taoer understands his brother’s personality. The sixth-ranked elder in the family has a natural temperament that follows his father. He has always been strict in temperament and cannot tolerate sand in his eyes. He is clearly past the double tenth age, but he is never like the others. This elder brother is so indulgent, and even his eyesight is very high, so far there is no woman he likes.

Su Tao'er pulled his sleeves and said coquettishly like a little girl: "Oh, brother, don't worry about these things. If they know it, you can go back without worry!"

But at this point, Su Xuan was still unwilling to give up persuasion, and said: "But it's really weird here, even a disciple can't see it..."

In other words, at this moment, a gust of wind suddenly blew the door open.

It was pitch black outside, and this gloomy atmosphere made Su Xuan startled, subconsciously alert.

When the two turned around, they saw a young man in black standing at the door.

He is above-average in height, dressed like a scholar, has fair skin and a good face.

Si Yan still held Su Taoer's bathing picture in his back, but he still pretended to smile honestly at their brothers and sisters, and asked: "Teacher, Su Gongzi, you haven't rested yet?"

Su Taoer hurriedly got up and saluted: "Hi Master!"

"Hello Pavilion Master..."

Si Yan's palms are a little sweaty now. He originally didn't want to come down, but he was afraid that this new apprentice would be disturbed by her brother, so he hurried down to stir up.

And he also wanted to complain about himself. Two days before this disciple arrived at the door, he came to the roof. If she was discovered by her old brother, the consequences would be wonderful.

Hmm, hide your own nature! Don't repeat the same mistakes!

"Master Su, I have heard your concerns just now." Si Yan did not rush, but forcedly explained, "I am not without disciples. Since the beginning of my sect, I have always accepted only direct disciples. , So there are fewer people in the mountain gate, but well, a few have come back today. So, Tao'er, as a teacher, I will take you to meet a few seniors."
